i have been waiting to talk about this
for like
over half a year so yeah finally
spilling my big secrets
[Music]
hello everyone it's elena and i'm back
with another video and today we're going
to talk about
why i'm not going back to cambridge this
academic year
now i actually hinted at that way back
in january
in a video and out of the 1.7 million
people who watched it literally
nobody picked up on it which means
nobody aside from me
over analyzes my videos as much as i
thought which is probably good
um but yeah here's what i said in the
time that has passed since i've been in
the ul
i'd had an interview for an exchange
program obviously i couldn't vlog there
so as you can tell from that clip i'm
going on an exchange program um to be
more precise i'm going on the erasmus
program
now the erasmus program is obviously
affiliated with the european union
and the uk has left the european union
now the uk is still in a transition
period where they're treated as a member
state
and so erasmus is continuing for now um
but it is kind of
unclear whether students in later years
will still be able to go on erasmus
placements
because bojo and the british government
don't really seem to have it together
right now
so we don't know if erasmus is going to
be part of a deal that the strike of the
european union
if they even strike a deal um so you
know that's kind of up in the air
but for now erasmus does exist um
and i'm going abroad i'm saying abroad
in quotation marks because
i'm really just crossing the border to
another german federal state
because i currently live in
baden-wurttemberg um i am german um
people seem to be a little surprised
whenever i mention that on my channel
but yes um i grew up here i live here um
so i'm just gonna cross the border and
go to bavaria and then i'm gonna study
in regensburg
um so regensburg is a german university
but they also do offer english classes
and they actually have a lot of
international programs which i was
really surprised to find out about i
didn't know that
um but they're really really cool and
i'm excited to be there
and i'm going to take mainly law courses
that is a requirement you have to take
mostly law courses if you go on erasmus
as a cambridge law student
but you are allowed to take a few
classes from different subject areas but
i'm probably going to mainly stick with
law just because
i love law and i'm also really
interested in german law because i feel
like i don't actually know a lot about
it
but this is my home country so you know
that could be useful
um so yeah that's what i will be up to
i also already have a job which is crazy
now you're not allowed to work while
you're at cambridge but you're allowed
to work at ravensburg
um so i'm going to be a junior research
assistant to a professor
which is really really cool i'm just you
know going to get a little insight into
what it's like to work as a professor
um and help a little bit with
researching legal topics and i think
that's going to be a lot of fun um
that's really mainly where i signed up
for it
if you guys are interested in you know
the cost because i know
that might be a question for some people
um you have to pay 15
of your tuition fees at cambridge as a
cambridge exchange student
so you don't pay any tuition fee at
regensburg you just pay those 15
and cambridge has actually been very
very kind and they have allowed my
bursary to continue
so um i'm actually getting my bursary
which was supposed to last for three
years
for four years um and that bursary
pretty much covers my tuition which is
great now you obviously have to pay
things aside from your tuition like
accommodation
those things you get charged for by
regensburg and not cambridge um
but yeah the tuition thing is you don't
pay tuition to reagan's work you just
pay to cambridge
and yeah that's pretty much the big
update so there will be university vlogs
there will just not be cambridge vlogs
um i still have to find a good name for
them i feel like exchange vlogs sounds
kind of weird
um i don't know if you guys have a good
name for my uni vlogs let me know
um and yeah i will see you guys
when i move to reagan's work you know
when i prepare for everything
and then when i'm there and we're going
to have a cool year in regensburg
i don't know why i keep saying weeds
it's not like all of you guys are coming
with me into my dorm room but it's like
it kind of is because i take you guys
with me with the camera
um so yeah i hope you guys will enjoy
that year of me studying abroad
potentially getting kind of confused by
my own native language because
i haven't really used it in quite a
while um so i don't know how that's
gonna work out but we're gonna see
so yeah thank you for watching and this
is the big big secret that i had about
my third year
um i hope you guys enjoyed this video
have a nice day bye
[Music]
you